feat(v-mutate): port to v3 (#13920)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/directives/mutate.md

## Usage

`v-mutate` is a simple interface for the [Mutation Observer API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObserver) that is implemented with [Vue directives](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/directives.html). There are two main ways to alter `v-mutate`'s options; with directive modifiers using period notation, or with a custom options object. The following table contains information on the available directive modifiers:

| Modifier     | Default      | Description |
| ------------ | -----------  | ----------- |
| `.attr`      | `true`       | The [attr](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObserverInit/attributes) modifier monitors target node's attribute changes                                                       |

> | `.char`      | `true`       | The [char](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObserverInit/characterData) modifier monitors changes to target node's children (and, its descendants if `.sub` is `true`)       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `.char`      | `true`       | The [char](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObserverInit/characterData) modifier monitors changes to target node's character data (and, its descendants if `.sub` is `true`)       |
```
